# Account

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**account_id** | **str** | This is the account Id generated by the Open Banking Service. It should be used in subsequent api calls to refer to this account.  | 
**bic** | **str** | BIC  | [optional] 
**currency** | [**Currency**](Currency.md) |  | 
**name** | **str** | Name of the account.  | [optional] 
**owner_name** | **str** | Name of the legal account owner.  | [optional] 
**display_name** | **str** | Additional name of the account.  | [optional] 
**account_number** | **str** | The number which identifies the account, provided by the ASPSP. Known by the PSU. This will mostly be an IBAN, but other types are possible see AccountNumberType field.  | [optional] 
**other_account_number** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**account_number_type** | **str** | ISO 20022 Account Number Type, which is the name of the identification scheme.  | [optional] 
**account_type** | [**AccountType**](AccountType.md) |  | [optional] 
**account_number_type_issuer** | **str** | Entity that assigns the identification. this could a country code or any organisation name or identifier that can be recognized by both parties according to ISO20022.  | [optional] 
**sub_type** | **str** | Since Open Banking UK V2.0. Specifies the type of account. Values: &#x27;CACC&#x27; Checking account&#x27;.  | [optional] 
**details** | **str** | Specifications that might be provided by the ASPSP. * Characteristics of the account * Characteristics of the relevant card.  | [optional] 
**linked_account** | **str** | Case of a set of pending card transactions, the ASPSP will provide the Id of the relevant cash account the card is set up on.  | [optional] 
**usage** | **str** | Indications how the account is being used. For example business or personal. Values - &#x27;ORGA&#x27; professional account, &#x27;PRIV&#x27; private personal account&#x27;.  | [optional] 
**product** | **str** | Product Name of the Bank for this account, proprietary definition.  For example: Girokonto, Fremdwahrungskonto, Multi currency account.&#x27;  | [optional] 
**psu_role** | **str** | Relationship between the PSU and the account: account holder, Co-account holder, Attorney.  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

