# CommonPaymentDataResponse

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**expiry_date_timestamp** | **datetime** | The timestamp from which the transaction operation will expire, expressed in UTC time format(YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ)  | [optional] 
**guaranteed_amount** | **str** | The amount guaranteed by the ASPSP/Issuer to the Merchant/CPSP. Will be provided if the min max amount values are defined in the request  | [optional] 
**payment_status** | [**PaymentStatusEnum**](PaymentStatusEnum.md) |  | 
**payment_id** | **str** | Id generated by the Open Banking Service. This should be used to refer to this payment in subsequent api calls.  | 
**aspsp_payment_id** | **str** | Id used by the ASPSP/iDEAL Hub to refer to the payment.  | [optional] 
**aspsp_id** | **str** | Id of the ASPSP selected by the PSU.  | [optional] 
**initiating_party_reference_id** | **str** | Reference to the payment created by the Initiating Party. This Id will not be visible to the Payment Service User.  | [optional] 
**funds_available** | **bool** | Information whether sufficient funding is available.  | [optional] 
**debtor_information** | [**DebtorInformationResponse**](DebtorInformationResponse.md) |  | [optional] 
**amount_related_details** | [**AmountRelatedDetails**](AmountRelatedDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**authorisation_required_data** | [**AuthorisationRequiredData**](AuthorisationRequiredData.md) |  | [optional] 
**psu_message** | **str** | Text to be displayed to the PSU.  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

