# ConsentDetailedInformation

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**consent_id** | **str** | Id generated by the Open Banking Service. This should be used to refer to this consent.  | 
**consent_status** | [**ConsentStatusEnum**](ConsentStatusEnum.md) |  | 
**aspsp_id** | **str** | The Id of the ASPSP. The Open Banking Service uses this information to route the consent and accounts information requests.  | [optional] 
**authorisation_required_data** | [**AuthorisationRequiredData**](AuthorisationRequiredData.md) |  | [optional] 
**permission_information** | **str** | Optionally a text for detailed information on the permission handling of the ASPSP is given. E.g. by default a consent is allowing a frequency of up to 4 requests per day. This default is set implicitly by the Open Banking Service. If this parameter is not supported by the ASPSP the Initiating Party is informed by this.  | [optional] 
**frequency_per_day** | **int** | This field indicates the maximum frequency for an access per day. For a one-off access, this attribute is set to \&quot;1.  | [optional] 
**recurring_indicator** | **bool** | \&quot;true\&quot;, if the consent is for recurring access to the account data.  \&quot;false\&quot;, if the consent is for one access to the account data.  | [optional] 
**valid_until_date** | **datetime** | Date to which the consent is valid.  | [optional] 
**last_action_date** | **date** | Date of the last change to the consent object. Either through the XS2A interface or the PSU/ASPSP interface.  | [optional] 
**transaction_from_date_time** | **datetime** | Specified start date and time for the transaction query period.  | [optional] 
**transaction_to_date_time** | **datetime** | Specified end date and time for the transaction query period.  | [optional] 
**links** | [**ConsentStatusLinks**](ConsentStatusLinks.md) |  | [optional] 
**psu_message** | **str** | Text to be displayed to the PSU.  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

