# DetailsType

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**api** | **str** | Indicates for which of our Open Banking Service APIs this is applicable. The value is composed of the http method and the URL. The star character &#x27;*&#x27; can be used as a wildcard. Below three examples: - POST /v3/payments  - &#x27;*&#x27; /v3/payments    - all http methods - GET &#x27;*&#x27;             - all urls called with GET  | 
**fieldname** | **str** | The name of the field within the API | [optional] 
**type** | **str** | **The description of this field differs if it&#x27;s supplied with or without a FieldName, see the two tables below.** | Type             | Description if NOT combined with a FieldName | | ---------------- | ------------| | UNSUPPORTED      | The mentioned Api is not supported by the ASPSP, the Open Banking Service will throw an error if it’s used.     | | SUPPORTED        | The mentioned Api is supported by the ASPSP. This is mentioned for the following Api’s (because they are usually not supported): - POST /psus/{psuId}/Aspsps/{aspspId}/pre-authentication\&quot;. If the Post is supported the corresponding api methods (GET, PUT, DELETE) are also supported, if defined in the swagger.|   | Type             | Description if combined with a FieldName | | ---------------- | ------------| | UNSUPPORTED      | The mentioned FieldName is ignored if provided to the Open Banking Service, the Open Banking Service will not throw an error     | | SUPPORTED        | A subset of the values in the mentioned FieldName is supported. The Value field (which is always supplied with the SUPPORTED Type) will indicate which values are supported. If no value is provided by the Initiating Party the Open Banking Service will use a default value. If an unsupported value is used, the Open Banking Service will throw an error. | | MANDATORY        | The mentioned FieldName is mandatory and has to be filled. If supplied, the Value field will indicate which values are supported. If the Value field is not supplied no validation on the field is done by the Open Banking Service. If the mentioned FieldName is not filled by the Initiating Party the Open Banking Service will throw an error. If an unsupported value is used, the Open Banking Service will throw an error.     | | FORBIDDEN        | The mentioned FieldName is forbidden. The Open Banking Service will throw an error if the Initiating Party fills this field and the request will not be sent to the ASPSP.     |  | [optional] 
**value** | **str** | Indicates the values which can be filled in the field. This field is only filled if the options differ from the options in the swagger file.  | [optional] 
**protocol_version** | **str** | The ASPSP ProtocolVersion for which this is valid.  | [optional] 
**condition** | **str** | Contains conditions which describe when this specific detail is applicable. This field uses logical operations as they are commonly used in e.g. Java and Javascript. If a field is given without a value that Operand is true if the field has any value (is not empty).  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

